Previously on Bates Motel...
Miss Watson is dead.
Apparently, someone killed her.
Norman came to see me today.
He brought me a photo he took of a man
out at Blaire Watson's grave.
You need to tell me
what happened that night.
She took me to her house.
It was weird.
I felt like something was happening,
Like she was attracted to me or something.
You know, I just remember feeling
almost like I was gonna faint,
and then the next thing I
know, I was running home.
Your dad was sleeping with Blaire Watson,
And she also happened
to be Gil's girlfriend,
and when Gil found out,
he wasn't very happy.
Bradley Martin. What do you want?
I want to know who killed my dad.
Oh, I can tell you stuff
you don't want to hear.
Did you mean what you said when you said
you'll always be here for me?
Because I need your help.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Bradley, wake up.
You have to tell me now why you're here.
I can't. I told you I can't, Norman.
[sighs]
Listen, there's some
stuff that I need to...
No, I can't help you unless you tell me.
I need some money, maybe a
bus ticket is the way to go.
I mean, it's harder to track
than a... than a plane or...
Bradley!
You're putting me in an
impossible situation, okay?
I want to help you. I
want to be there for you.
Then be here.
I need to know that what
you're doing make sense.
I killed the guy that killed my dad.
We should talk about what
birth control you're using.
It doesn't matter. I'm not having sex.
Do you know anything about blackouts?
Blackouts?
Yeah, you know, when a person
goes into a trance-like state
And... and then wakes up later
and doesn't know what
happened in that time?
Have you been experiencing these?
Me?
No.
No, uh, it's my sister.
She's had tests done,
cat scans, and things.
No one can find anything.
There's nothing physically wrong with her,
which is good
because that means she's normal, right?
I'm just... I'm just worried that
something else might be wrong.
I mean, why do these things keep happening?
This isn't my area of expertise.
Oh, no, I know. I know that.
I'm just assuming that
you went to medical school,
you studied the human body.
I'm... I'm just curious
what your opinion is.
I mean, what could cause blackouts
if there's nothing
physically wrong with you?
Well, if it isn't a physical disorder,
it could be a mental disorder.
I could refer you to a psychiatrist?
No, it's... it's okay.
No.
She doesn't live here.
[radio chatter]
Now we know why he wasn't
answering his phone.
Hey, we should get out of here.
Just keep moving. Keep driving.
Why? We didn't do anything wrong.
I want to know what's going on.
Well, you're about to find out.
Here comes Mr. Sheriff.
What are you doing here?
Nothing. We came over to see Gil.
Well, there he is.
What's left of him, minus
the hole in his face.
Oh, my God.
Anything you can tell me about this?
Anything unusual going on or
anything he was upset about?
No. Nothing.
No, think about it a little bit harder,
because this wasn't nothing, okay?
This wasn't some pissant
trimmer who just got shot.
This is Gil Turner.
You hearing me?
He knows what this means.
You hear anything, you let me know,
'cause I'm gonna get who did this.
[crackling electricity]
- Synced and corrected by madhatters -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Now, you haven't been in
the business long enough
To even understand the
implications of this.
- Okay, dad.
- Shut up.
Romero was not wrong, you know.
Taking out a guy like Gil,
that's like a declaration
of war right there.
You think the other operation did this?
Yeah, there's no doubt in my mind.
I mean, we've been stealing their business,
but for them to retaliate this way,
Ah, that's just not done.
So, what, I'm supposed to decide
What to do with 'em now?
This is a little bit above your pay grade.
Let's see who they bring in.
It's gonna be his problem.
Hello, Nick.
I haven't seen you around lately.
I've been in mourning, Alex.
Yeah.
Hasn't been easy,
especially given how she and I left it.
Somebody killed Gil Turner.
Let me put your mind at ease.
We had nothing to do with it.
You know, Nick, I tolerate certain things,
and believe me, I know
the nature of the business
That fuels this town, you know?
Violence goes with the
territory, but not this.
I'm not gonna sit by and let things
get out of control
between the two families.
I can't help but wish
you'd use the same level of effort
to catch Blaire's killer.
But then she was just a school teacher,
not some big player in the drug business.
I understand your priorities...
That's not the case at all, Nick.
We're working on it.
It's been four months and nothing.
[sighs]
I... you know, your daughter
didn't live a simple life, Nick.
I know exactly the kind
of life my daughter lived.
I know.
You know, we all work together, Alex.
We all try to respect each
other or accommodate each other,
and because of that,
things in this little town
Are pretty nice.
But it's not a given.
It's not written on some
stone tablet somewhere
that that's the way it has to be.
Norman?
What?
Do you want to do a musical?
Apparently there's, like,
a community theater here.
It's a... like a family
sort of thing, I guess.
They're doing South Pacific this summer.
I thought it'd be fun
if we tried out together.
A musical?
Yeah! A musical. You love musicals.
We used to watch them all
the time together on TV.
Yeah, well, that's watching them.
That's not doing them.
Come on!
South Pacific.
Wha... anybody can sing!
We... we just do it.
- We sing all the time.
- We really don't, mother.
Yes, we do!
We used to sing all the
time when you were little.
We used to sing all sorts of things.
♪ I'm a little teapot,
short and stout ♪
[clicking tongue]
Please, please. Come on, I really need to.
You're just getting so grown
up, and I want to be close...
[phone ringing]
Come on, it'll be a new adventure!
Something... some... some
fun we could have together.
It'll get you out of the basement.
I haven't been in the basement for days.
Hello?
Yes, of course. He's right here.
It's Bradley Martin's mother?
Hello?
I'm so sorry. I-I haven't...
I haven't seen her or... or talked to her.
Uh-huh. No, I-I haven't, but...
Yeah, you know, I'll call you if I do.
I-I know she's been unstable.
I'm so sorry.
What happened?
Bradley Martin's been
missing since last night.
You know, no one knows where she is.
I'm so sorry. That's terrible.
Well, why is she bothering you about it?
I-I don't really know.
[approaching footsteps]
[knocking on door]
You must be really worried about Bradley.
Yeah.
I-I... you know, I have
no idea where she could be.
You sure?
You sure you don't know?
Yeah.
Because if you knew, you should tell me,
because you know what her
father did for a living, right?
Yeah, and I'm... I'm sure I don't know.
And I'd tell you if I did, okay?
[sighs]
Good night, Dylan.
Okay. Good night.
Oh, Dylan?
Maybe she's already dead.
You know, she tried to kill herself before.
Maybe she's dead.
Let's hope not.
Yeah.
$3.79.
Would you like some help with this, ma'am?
Yes. That would be great.
- You waiting for something?
- No.
So, you, uh, live here or you
just visiting for the summer?
I-I live here.
I haven't seen you before.
Oh, uh, well, I've been here.
I mean, in White Pine Bay, I mean,
not here here in the grocery store.
You go to high school here?
I do, yeah.
You, uh, gonna dye your hair?
Hmm, it's for my mom.
You do errands for your mom.
Well, aren't you a dying a breed.
Yeah, I, uh... I guess
we're all doing that, too.
- What?
- Dying.
You know, I mean, once we're born,
that's what we're doing, right?
41 even.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
Yeah. If it's Becker, we're good.
If it's trace, we'll be even better.
It's gonna be one of
those two guys, anyway.
Well, whoever it is, weren't
they supposed to be here
half an hour ago?
- Yup.
- [car door closes]
Zane?
[sighs] you got to be kidding me.
[groans]
- Hey, Remo.
- Zane.
Thanks.
So... [groans]
You must be Dylan Massett.
Yeah.
So it looks like I'm stepping in for Gil.
First order of business, we got to clean up
the mess that Gil left behind.
Mess?
Yeah.
You see, Gil got himself killed,
and you don't get yourself
killed in this business
without some culpability, right?
So, whatever happened,
we need to address it.
All right.
Uh-huh. Got it.
The Blaire Watson case?
We just caught a break.
[knocking on door]
Sheriff's department. Got a warrant!
[toilet flushes]
- Upstairs!
- Go, go.
I got down here.
[thud]
Okay, okay.
- [grunts]
- You're back, huh?
I thought I told you to stay out of town
the last time I saw you.
- What did I do?
- I don't know.
Kyle, what did you do?
Norman?
[sighs]
Mother?
Mother! [rapid footsteps]
What are you doing down here?
Looking for you. I
downloaded some sheet music.
We need to figure out what we're singing.
The audition's tomorrow.
Well, let's get out of the basement.
We're not gonna sing down here.
Why?
You're afraid one of your
stuffed animals might hear you?
So we're still doing this?
Yeah! It's gonna be great.
What are you gonna sing?
I don't know. I-I don't sing, so...
[groans] don't be silly. Everybody sings.
It doesn't have to be fancy.
It's just community
theater. It's just for fun.
And if these are too formal,
you don't have to sing 'em.
Sing anything!
Well, I-I don't know any songs.
Okay, fine, you don't
have to sing anything.
[plays Mr. Sandman]
♪
I don't know what you're doing.
Oh, come on.
You don't remember singing this
before you went to bed at
night when you were little?
Honey.
I have no idea what you're talking...
Oh, come on.
♪
♪ Mr. Sandman ♪
♪ bring me a dream ♪
♪ make her... ♪
Both: ♪ the cutest
that I've ever seen ♪
♪ Give her two lips
like roses and clover ♪
♪ And tell her that her
lonesome nights are over ♪
- ♪ Sandman... ♪
- Yes?
♪ I'm so alone ♪
♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ don't have nobody
to call my own ♪
♪ Bum, bum, bum, bum ♪
♪ please turn on
your magic beam ♪
Both: ♪ Mr. Sandman,
bring me a dream ♪
[laughter]
[sighs]
Okay, fine.
I'll go make an ass out of
myself for your sake, mother.
Okay. Thank you. I know you will.
[chuckles]
We know you had sex with Blaire Watson
within 30 hours of her turning up dead.
Do you have a camera in there?
We found a semen sample inside her
that matches your DNA.
[sighs]
Was mine the only semen sample you found?
That's gonna come out in court.
We found two semen samples inside her.
Then why are we even talking?
Because, Kyle, you're the one we matched,
and because three people died
from tainted drugs that you sold,
and 'cause I know you
killed your old girlfriend.
Do you remember her?
Remember Carly Walters?
I found her floating
face-down out in the kelp beds.
Well, if you know I did all those things,
then why don't you prove it?
Okay, let me try it this way then.
The semen samples, mine wasn't one of them.
Yours was.
So why don't you tell me about that?
She slept with a lot of different guys.
I mean, she's...
She had daddy issues or whatever.
I think that you would call her "troubled."
So... Can I go?
No, you're not going anywhere.
[water running]
Is it all out?
Well, it seems to be.
The water's running clear.
Oh, I... I got you these too.
- You have the ticket?
- Yeah.
Uh, yeah. Tonight at 10:30.
It's a bus station in
cold creek, up the coast.
It'll take a few hours to drive there.
You drive?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I can drive.
I'll just borrow my mom's car.
Well, it'll be ready to go by 8:00.
Thank you, Norman...
For everything.
For the ticket and...
And the money, for everything.
Of course.
I always knew there was
something special about you,
something different.
I wasn't wrong.
I'll be back for you at 8.
Okay.
- Who is this guy?
- Zane?
He's a lame-ass poser.
Thinks he's a character out of Scarface.
He's the brother of the big boss,
a guy who shouldn't be
in the business who is.
What was he in prison for?
[laughs]
Our buddy Zane was running the shipment
down to our distributors in Las Vegas.
Got clocked doing 95
and they pulled him over.
What kind of idiot speeds
with a carload of weed?
[crow caws]
That's my point exactly.
Ah, here comes Kojak now.
Hey, boys.
Thought we could do some reconnaissance.
[taps on hood]
Help me get this out, will you?
This is Johnny b. He
works for the Ford family.
- [muffled whimper]
- Get him out.
[clears throat]
[grunting]
Take off his gag.
Now, we know you guys killed Gil.
We didn't kill him.
Oh! Come... come on.
Come on.
Well, you need to send a
message to your boss for me.
[gunshots]
[sniffs]
[clears throat]
Lying piece of shit.
[gunshot]
Wrap him up in the tarp
and drop him off in front
of Nick Ford's house.
[doors closing]
[engine starts]
♪ mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi-mi ♪
There's a lot of people here.
- We could leave.
- [sighs]
I'm a little scared,
But it's good to face your fears, right?
It's gonna be fun.
Hi. I'm Christine Heldens.
Are you here to audition?
Yeah, my son and I. I'm Norma Bates.
Great to meet you. Thank
you so much for coming.
Um, just sign up on that list over there.
We're gonna take people
in order of their arrival,
- and we're a little behind.
- Oh.
'Cause we're waiting on our pianist.
Musicians, you know? So just have a seat.
She seems nice.
[chuckles]
- Okay.
- Mom, this list is really long.
Oh, just have a seat.
It's not like you need
to be anywhere anyway.
It'll probably move quick.
♪ Three little maids
from school are we ♪
♪ Pert as a schoolgirl well can be ♪
♪ Filled to the brim
with girlish glee ♪
♪ Three little maids from school ♪
♪ Everything is a source of fun ♪
♪
♪ Nobody's safe for we care for none ♪
♪ Life is a joke that has just begun ♪
♪ Three little maids from school ♪
♪
What?
We've been here over an hour.
We're not even close yet.
- So what?
- Oh, nothing.
I'm supposed to be somewhere by 8:00.
Good luck with that.
Where do you have to be?
I'm supposed to meet Emma at a movie.
So call and cancel.
What if I don't want to cancel?
- What if I don't want to?
- Calm down, Norman!
I'm leaving.
♪ Come from a ladies' seminary ♪
♪ Freed from its genius tutelary ♪
♪ Three little maids from school ♪
How dare you walk out on me in there?
That was totally embarrassing.
I don't care, mother! I
don't care how it looks!
I-I don't want to be here! Okay?
I don't want to do this! It's stupid!
You just get these ideas in your head,
and everyone's supposed to want to do them,
and then you get hurt if we don't!
And now all of a sudden,
it's community theater!
Since when did you care about the theater?
It's a stupid musical!
I just wanted to do something fun with you.
Mother, we live together, yeah?
We work together. We
eat every meal together.
We sleep six inches away from each other
with a thin wall between us.
Don't you think that's probably enough?
Well, I just want to keep you close.
I want to protect you!
From what?
The night miss Watson was killed,
do you remember anything
About that night besides what you told me?
[shivers] No.
Where did you get those pearls?
I found them in my pocket the next morning,
after that night.
I'm so scared.
[crying] I'm so scared.
I'm so scared. I'm so scared.
I'm... [crying]
Mother.
[crying]
Mother?
Mother, stop it. Please, stop it.
Stop it. You're being silly.
Imagining silly things.
I-I probably found the pearls at the...
At the dance and picked them up
to turn them in to lost
and found at school.
You know, it was nothing.
It's nothing. Please, just stop it.
You're getting all worked up
over an idea about nothing.
Okay? Come on. Let's... let's go back in.
No, I can't, Norman. I'm too upset.
I... and you...
- No, no.
- You have to be somewhere.
No! We came here to do this.
You've prepared a song... [laughs]
And we're gonna do this together.
And like you said, it's gonna be fun.
[sniffs]
It'll break my heart if we go home now.
Okay.
Okay? Just go back in.
I'll... I'll just call...
Okay, but only if you really want to.
Emma and be in in a moment. Yeah.
- Okay.
- Yeah, I really want to.
[laughs] Okay.
Hey.
Dylan, I need you to listen to me.
Okay, you can't start
asking a bunch of questions,
'cause time is of the essence.
I'm with mom and I can't get away
or I would do this myself.
- Okay.
- I lied to you.
I-I lied to you, okay?
I-I do know what happened to Bradley.
She's hiding in our basement.
What?
She's in our basement
And she's ready to be driven
to cold creek to get on a bus
that leaves in two hours
that'll take her to Boston,
Where she's gonna start her life over.
I'm not doing anything until you tell me
Why she's in our basement.
She killed the man that killed her father.
Some guy named Gil Turner.
I-I think he worked in your business.
Dylan, you there?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm... I'm here.
So you'll do it?
You'll make sure she gets on the bus?
Yeah.
Thank you, Dylan.
And tell her I'm sorry,
that I really wanted to be
able to do this for her myself.
All right, I'll tell her.
[approaching footsteps]
We got to go. I'm taking you.
Uh, Norma Bates?
I don't think I can do this now.
You can do it. It's just pretending, right?
We can pretend.
I'll take your music.
No, I didn't bring any sheet music.
I thought you would
have... okay, forget it.
I don't have sheet music.
[piano flourish]
[clears throat]
♪ Maybe this time ♪
♪ I'll be lucky ♪
♪ maybe this time he'll stay ♪
♪ Maybe this time ♪
♪ for the first time ♪
[clears throat]
♪ Love won't hurry away ♪
♪ he will hold me fast ♪
♪ I'll be home at last ♪
♪ not a loser anymore ♪
♪ like the last time ♪
♪ and the time before ♪
♪ everybody loves a winner ♪
♪ so nobody loved me ♪
♪ lady peaceful, lady happy ♪
♪ That's what I long to be ♪
♪ all the odds are in my favor ♪
♪ Something's bound to begin ♪
♪ it's gonna happen, happen sometime ♪
♪ Maybe this time ♪
♪ maybe this time ♪
♪ I'll win ♪
[applause]
[door opening]
What?
You know what the worst
thing about my job is?
You know what that is, Kyle?
It's when you can't
solve a crime, you know,
because, well, there's reverberations.
You know, there... there's
consequences, and... yeah.
- And?
- And.
And I'm gonna charge you with
the murder of Blaire Watson.
You can't do that.
You're a shit-heel, Kyle,
and if there were any justice,
you'd have been on death row
a long time ago.
But you have no proof.
Hey.
[knocks on door]
Hey!
[door closes] Hey!
The bus should be here in about 15 minutes.
Okay.
You know, it killed my
brother that he couldn't
be the one here doing this for you.
I-I know.
Here's some paper.
I need you to write a suicide note.
Okay, there's a really bad guy
looking for the person who killed Gil.
Okay? You need to be off the map.
I'm gonna take some of your clothes.
I'm gonna leave 'em by the rocks
at the beach with your note.
You need me to tell you what to write?
No, I can write it myself.
[car approaching]
Oh, hey!
Hey, guys! Hey!
Um... [breathing heavily]
They've, uh... they've arrested someone
for the murder of miss Watson.
[panting]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God! That's wonderful.
Isn't that wonderful, Norman?
Oh! That's... isn't that great news?
Yeah! It's so great. [laughs]
Oh. It's... it's fantastic.
Hey, your...
Your mom's such a good person.
She cares so much.
Yeah. Yeah, she cares a lot.
Good night, Emma.
Night.
[The Amazing's The Strangest Thing]
♪ he would always carry ♪
♪ the strangest things
that I've ever seen ♪
♪ And tried to bury... ♪
You got to go.
I'm already gone.
♪ The things he knew ♪
♪ was instantly put
down to the ground ♪
[door closes]
♪ And then the sun burst through ♪
♪ Long in trees, facing him ♪
♪ And all those old stories ♪
♪ come to think of all those lies ♪
♪ And I guess you waited endlessly ♪
♪ Thinking it was past ♪
♪
[car door closes]
She's on the bus.
Thank you.
Sure.
Oh.
This is for you.
♪ Spring with a promise ♪
♪
♪ Said he'd drive us the oldest route ♪
♪ That has no end ♪
♪
Can I help you?
Yeah, I'm looking for a
place called Bates Motel.
Yeah, it's a few miles down the road.
I was just there though.
No vacancy sign was on.
Yeah, well, I'm not
looking for a room there.
I was just trying to find my sister.
Yeah? Who's your sister?
Norma Bates.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org